Installation and Code Generation Setup Docs (#2517)
apollographql/apollo-ios: docs/shared/spm-setup-codegen-panel.mdx

<ExpansionPanel title="Swift Package Manager">

Apollo iOS exposes the Codegen CLI as an SPM plugin. This means you can run the Codegen CLI using the `swift package` command.

> > **Note:** SPM Plugins require permission to write files to your project directory. Each time you run these commands, you will be prompted to give the plugin permission. To bypass this prompt, we reccomend including the `--allow-writing-to-package-directory` flag before the plugin commmand name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** SPM Plugins require permission to write files to your project directory. Each time you run these commands, you will be prompted to give the plugin permission. To bypass this prompt, we recommend including the `--allow-writing-to-package-directory` flag before the plugin command name.
```

<ExpansionPanelList>
<ExpansionPanelListItem>

#### Initialize the codegen configuration

The Codegen CLI uses a JSON file to configure the code generation engine. Initializing the Codegen CLI creates this file with default values. From the directory of your `Package.swift` file, run:

```bash
swift package --allow-writing-to-package-directory apollo-initialize-codegen-config --schema-name ${MySchemaName}
```

`${MySchemaName}` should be the name you would like to be used as the namespace for your generated schema files.

This will create an `apollo-codegen-config.json` file with default options.

</ExpansionPanelListItem>

<ExpansionPanelListItem>

#### Set codegen configuration options

Open the `apollo-codegen-config.json` file to configure code generation for your project.

The default configuration will:

> - Find all GraphQL schema files ending with the file extension `.graphqls` within your project directory.

Reviewer: is this a typo? should it be `.graphql`?

Author: Nope, SDL (schema definition) files generally have the `.graphqls` (s standing for schema) file extension!

- Find all GraphQL operation and fragment definition files ending with the file extension `.graphql` within your project directory.
- Create a Swift Package for your generated schema with the `schema-name` provided.
- Generate operation and fragment models relative to the `.graphql` files that define them.

</ExpansionPanelListItem>

<ExpansionPanelListItem>

#### Run code generation

From the directory of your `Package.swift` file, run:

```bash
swift package --allow-writing-to-package-directory apollo-generate
```

Your generated files will be created with the file extension `.graphql.swift`.

</ExpansionPanelListItem>

<ExpansionPanelListItem>

#### Add the generated schema package to your project

A new Swift Package for your generated schema files will be located in a directory with the `schema-name` you provided. Any targets in your project that include generated operation models will need to import this package.

If your project uses a `Package.swift` file, include the schema package as a local package with this dependency:

```swift title="Package.swift"
dependencies: [
    .package(name: "MySchemaName", path: "./MySchemaName"),
],
```

> Or for an Xcode project or workspace, go to **File > Add Packages...** and then click the `Add Local` button. Find the local package in your project directory and select it to include it in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an Xcode project or workspace, go to **File > Add Packages...** and then click the `Add Local` button. Find the local package in your project directory and select it to include it in your project.
```
